that you certain as it is so good because
welcome a new video today
I 'm going to show you how to get the
achievement or extra trophy for
station this is just like the extra
I explained we found in the last map
what we have to do that destroy 4
let's say you shoot 4 eggs that
are hidden in multiplayer ok let's go
to shoot these 4 eggs and then
we have to go build a hive
in extinction so that we complete this
is this achievement not then I'm going to do
now the four locations of the
different maps and well let's go to
start and well the first of them will
located on the map is the map of erwin
of the predator and we are going to come
just this location is
find just here in this part
of simple people on the map where is going to
be located
right here in this part and what
we have to do is shoot him here
from here you can not reach the area
I just had to shoot him from
far is just below that
building you shoot and you have to
follow the marker then well let's go
with the next location good the
next location is in
the map of lowers is the one that is like
with the giant bulldozer the
location is the following check
biden of the map, notice where it is
it's quite simple the easiest thing is that
is to put on this side and if it touches you
he puts them here because it 's much simpler
because otherwise otherwise after
start because the enemy team then
close in order what to do is come
like this part of the railing and week in
the one who add here once already
they know where it is very simple
shoot him but I say that already when in
this part they just shoot they 're going to
count and let's go with the next
location good gentlemen the next
egg that we have to shoot you is in
the collision map this is the ship's
from the destroyed bridge and the shit and
well it was you can shoot it from
many locations I tell them
I'm going to show the place so I say yes
you find an easier place
they can do it, I'm going to do it here
because it's right now where I'm already in Spanish
and it's a lot easier at the location
of the art I am is this
and underpin it if you want to just look
the pillars of this as a bridge and it's
it's really easy to shoot him
then when what we're going to do is going
to be here like pegaditos like
the map bar at the edge of the map and
peeking until we can see the egg
it's very easy to see look there
here we can see it right there
is the egg we just shot
I tell them there are many locations
can be from the other is pont
there is just a place where
exactly every right the egg I say
I chose this because it is what I have left
closer but in the location is
the least, do not just look for some
place where you can see any of
the pillars of the map and right there in
the leg of the let's say the pillar
not from the base of this one of this bridge
Well, you can shoot the egg
it's very simple now let's go with the
last location and good gentlemen then
the last location for these eggs
that we have to get is the map of
a yesterday this one is just in
this part where it's like the meteor
nailed to the ground what we have to
do here is to surround let's say turn up
that we find an ojito a slot here
in this as well that is here then
well just keep looking until
that you find like this little groove
small and they will shoot the egg a
Once you are shot, you are going to tell them and
will give them is a reward of
experience for multiplayer but this
it's not all yet we do not have the achievement what
what we have to do is go to
extinction and destroy a hive is very
important that when they are shooting
your eggs have to be fired
they have to be achieved in a
public party can not be in a
private party so I would be
and perhaps the troll thing, let's not say
this for example especially this area
in the multiplayer is a pretty area
complicated is not a pretty area of
much conflict right now, because we
we are exposing on this side then
a little simpler but it's an area
a little difficult not to control the
better attempts you know where is
you can quickly come to this well to
get this little egg not then
just keep that in mind you have to
being a public party can not be a
private party so that when the
I have following then if they want to do it
with friends because maybe we can
cover in what you dry and shoot
in these eggs not but good once
have the four eggs completed
we are going to explain
good gentlemen then I once here in
extinction what we have to do is
put us on the mayday map in the
new map of extinction and what we have
what to do is grab our drill and
take it to any hive of any
those in the first zone there is no
no problem so I also
can make a group opportunity a
little this individual does not happen anything let's go
to destroy a hive we hope that
be destroyed and once it is destroyed
we will loose the achievement of extra expide
It goes station that is very similar to
what we did on the night fall map is
a then quite a simple achievement and
will give 10,000 experience points
besides that obviously their achievement does not
I say it's simple if they know where to look
the eggs I think of the most things
complicated is probably that they
leave the maps that they have to
continue because many times people
he wants to repeat the rubens map a lot
by the predator and this then to
sometimes it may complicate a bit
play all the maps or that simply
the game is too close and then
do not give them as much opportunity to
go to places but in itself it's pretty
simple you already know that if you liked it let
its like and if they are new I invite you to
subscribe for more tricks and more
secrets here of extinction
green coast we see you take care a lot and
goodbye